hey orphan video let me show you the
summer borders of the starbucks name there
and this is 1 of the 4 videos in a sumo
clapton if you like the other videos
from
youtubers then keep watching until
the end
first we go the cow long
make it a professional and then you need it
lime coin
two bowls or packets of water in one
measuring cup
sugar and cup to make it there eventually
and I happened to have one
starbucks cup lying at home
an ice cubes
first grab a bowl and
therefore your water
I read about 240 milliliters and that
thing
separate your coin and then open and
then skate a few leaves
in deezer or color
six seven thinks
and then terrier good at it
totally awesome
and ask you on the sides day by day
all the way we were going to pull
then pick up another container and some
you clear your anger I had but
the use of a friend way too expensive
and I cut it in half and
both half squeezed
the juice and
also get this then
if you show the juice squeezed out
a bowl or sugar I have the one
little by feeling done
and then of course I will
completely injured
and if it is resolved equally well with
each other and you go full
bring that man
to become a whole
then you grab a cup and it is actually you
juice also to this the cow is longer fair
and it's just pure drink from the
summer nice and refreshing
yes this is it and sold for
Ice cubes will be nice and cold
and this series is only over
and then you continue to find yes
says tendrals so this one
and what you need for hiding
business is or fruits
actually is
and who have the best stitching but that is
very well
a bowl okay oh if necessary one
purchased nauseous coincidence
I want to open this very easily in one
I think you have sugar too
required
and lay your fireball
I have a breeder here
it is a curse
to start you need water again
the number 20
and that cup of tea and there you do 2
bags in it
and you are going to press that right now and
all busy
the other side if it's okay
you smile and withdraw you for five minutes
maximum peter and the neighborhood and raspberry
lemonade in I did feel a bit
but am new so can do a little more
because I thought it was not very sweet and
then you add the 120 milliliters of water
I then shot at an overpriced mine
old foot store
and then you pick up a delivery and steps
T-shirt or off and leave 5 minutes you can
to merge
avoid
and when you get together when basically
already done
from the dance what you think is better for us
his child in cup you can still possibly
add post berries or strawberry but the
need food
so i wouldn't go in and last
formerly young Paris course
and then you are done with your barry
from in starbucks
so these are the two you see drunk
made it be the cool and crashing and
Hiding business and I have just now
yummy
gentlemen and the
bye
the video that I now just one of the
cure videos of a circular
and walking number flap them all four
interface handicapper
so these also have a server related
video made
so check it out channel check it out
in the link in the description or i lick
by
so up to the video